README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://www.buckaroo.nl/media/3591/sisow_opencart.png" width="200px" position="center">
</p>

# Buckaroo OpenCart 2.3 Payments Plugin (former Sisow)

### Index
- [About](#about)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Additional information](#additional-information)
---

### About

OpenCart is an online store management system. It is PHP-based, using a MySQL database and HTML components.
The Buckaroo Payments Plugin for OpenCart enables a ready-to-sell payment gateway. You can choose from popular online payment methods in The Netherlands, Belgium, France, Germany and globally. Start accepting payments within a few minutes.

**Please note:** Buckaroo took over Sisow in 2021 and thereby all of their plugins. This OpenCart plugin has been build by Sisow but it contains a ready-to-sell payment gateway for Buckaroo.

For more information about the former Sisow plugin and the migration, please visit:
https://www.buckaroo.nl/sisow

### Contribute
We really appreciate it when developers contribute to improve the Buckaroo plugins.
If you want to contribute as well, then please follow our [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Additional information
- **Support:** https://support.buckaroo.eu/contact
- **Contact:** [support@buckaroo.nl](mailto:support@buckaroo.nl) or [+31 (0)30 711 50 50](tel:+310307115050)

Commit message:

BP-1902 Update README file (deprecated note)
Add a note that the plugin is deprecated.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://www.buckaroo.nl/media/3591/sisow_opencart.png" width="200px" position="center">
</p>

# Buckaroo OpenCart 2.3 Payments Plugin (former Sisow)

> :warning: **PLEASE NOTE**: This OpenCart Payments Plugin (former Sisow) is DEPRECATED and will no longer be maintained.<br>
Please look for more recent OpenCart plugin versions on our Github repository.

### Index
- [About](#about)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Additional information](#additional-information)
---

### About

OpenCart is an online store management system. It is PHP-based, using a MySQL database and HTML components.
The Buckaroo Payments Plugin for OpenCart enables a ready-to-sell payment gateway. You can choose from popular online payment methods in The Netherlands, Belgium, France, Germany and globally. Start accepting payments within a few minutes.

**Please note:** Buckaroo took over Sisow in 2021 and thereby all of their plugins. This OpenCart plugin has been build by Sisow but it contains a ready-to-sell payment gateway for Buckaroo.

For more information about the former Sisow plugin and the migration, please visit:
https://www.buckaroo.nl/sisow

### Contribute
We really appreciate it when developers contribute to improve the Buckaroo plugins.
If you want to contribute as well, then please follow our [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Additional information
- **Support:** https://support.buckaroo.eu/contact
- **Contact:** [support@buckaroo.nl](mailto:support@buckaroo.nl) or [+31 (0)30 711 50 50](tel:+310307115050)
